s_lh_eps_03_eps_berechneter_lw Steer_angle
s_lh_eps_03_eps_lenkmoment Human_momentum
s_esp_14_esp_14_anf_lenkmomoffset_dsr Requested_momentum
s_esp_02_esp_laengsbeschl X_accel
s_esp_02_esp_querbeschleunigung Y_accel
s_kombi_01_kbi_angez_geschw Speed
s_lwi_01_lwi_lenkradwinkel steering_wheel_angle2
s_motor_04_mo_oeldruck engine_oil_pressure
s_motor_12_mo_drehzahl_01 engine_rpm1
s_motor_code_01_mo_hubraum displacement
s_navdata_01_nd_gdop geometric_dilution_precision
s_navdata_01_nd_hdop horizontal_dilution_precision
s_navdata_01_nd_heading Heading
s_navdata_01_nd_pdop positional_dilution_precision
s_navdata_01_nd_tdop time_dilution_precision
s_navdata_01_nd_vdop vertical_dilution_precision
s_obd_01_obd_abs_load_val absolute_load_value
s_obd_01_obd_abs_pedal_pos absolute_pedal_position
s_obd_01_obd_abs_throttle_pos absolute_throttle_position
s_obd_01_obd_calc_load_val calculated_load_value
s_pla_01_pla_lw_soll requested_steering_angle
s_tsg_bt_01_bt_ec_spiegel_helligkeit dimming_side_mirror
s_tsg_bt_01_bt_fh_oeffnung passenger_window_open_state
s_tsg_ft_01_ft_fh_oeffnung driver_window_open_state
s_tsk_06_tsk_ax_getriebe_02 lateral_acceleration
s_tsk_06_tsk_wunsch_uebersetz Requested_drive_train_ratio
s_tsk_07_tsk_wunschgeschw target_velocity
